# Key Terminology

## Data
We store digital data as bytes on physical media like hard drives, but in the cloud, we use systems to simplify this for us.

- **Filestore or Filesystem:**  A system to save, archive, and recall specific documents and media. Usually, a file store offers low cost per unit space optimized for larger files.
- **Database:**  A system to save and organize complex data models. They often use more advanced data structures to index and organize data for faster lookup time. Databases are compelling solutions for data models that have complicated relationships.

## Compute
Any computer operation requires some computation on a CPU (central processing unit).

- **Server:** A specialized computer for cloud and web services.
- **Instance:**  A computational unit which may be a physical server or a virtual server that is abstracted by a cloud service.
- **Cluster:** A collection of instances which perform the same function. It may be used to distribute workloads.
- **Autoscaling Group:** A type of cluster that can increase or decrease the number of instances based on demand.

# Monolithic vs. Loosely Coupled Systems
Loosely coupled systems are recommended over monolithic systems, as they reduce technical debt.

## Technical Debt
The cost (in time and resources) of additional code rework caused by choosing an easy solution now instead of using a better approach that would take longer to implement.

## Microservices
Microservices are individual specialized systems (software deployed on specialized infrastructure) designed to accomplish a specific task. Specific tasks may include things like authentication, image processing, or data management.